README
Video Wars: 2084 is a 2D arcade-style arena shooter by PBJ2.
Playing the game
Open game.exe in /stage/
Movement:
•	W	Jump.
•	A	Move left.
•	S	Slow down/Drop vertically.
•	D	 Move right.
Use the left mouse button to fire bullets in the direction of the mouse cursor.

Using the editor
From a command prompt in the stage folder run editor.exe using the following arguments:

“editor.exe <sandwich id> <map id>”

<sandwich id>	The name of the database with the levels (not necessarily a file name)
The ID for levels.sw is “levels” and the ID for joshlevels.sw is “josh_levels”
<map id>	The name of the map to edit
The IDs in levels.sw are test1 and test2 and in joshlevels.sw are in the form level0, level1, level2… etc.

Use the tilde (‘~’) key to toggle the menu (holding the space bar works as well).
Select a tool from the left-hand side to perform its associated operation.
To change the material, choose one from the grid.
To use a tool with spawn points, choose “Spawn Points” instead of a material.
Click away from the menu and then press tilde to close the menu.
To create a new database in which you can store levels, run the sw.exe program with the following arguments:
“sw.exe <sandwich id> create”
	<sandwich id>	This is the Id used to access the sandwich in the editor command line.

Looking through the source
•	assets
	o	Contains any art or sound assets that are loaded into the databases.
	o	Unused during gameplay.
•	deps
	o	Header and source files for uncompiled libraries that the game is dependent on.
•	doc
	o	Any and all documentation resides here.
•	include
	o	All of the include files written by PBJ2 for the game.  The folders are organized by namespace.
•	src
	o	The source files for the above mentioned headers.  Again these are organized by namespace.
•	stage
	o	The location for all compiled binaries and databases.
•	tests
	o	Source files for testing purposes
•	tools
	o	Binaries for tools that are usable outside of the context of this game.
•	vc11
	o	Contains the main solution and project files for Visual Studio 2012.  Also contains pre-compiled libraries containing classes and methods used in the game
	
